AI #1803: Contract Commitment dataset extension (#1924)
FinOps-Open-Cost-and-Usage-Spec/FOCUS_Spec: specification/datasets/contract_commitment/columns/contractcommitmentdurationtype.md

## Expected Format

A given Contract Commitment Duration Type value follows a structured format of "[Numeric Value] [Unit]".

* [Numeric Value]: A positive integer.
* [Unit]: A standardized unit of time, singular or plural (e.g., Hour, Year, Years).

## Requirements

ContractCommitmentDurationType MUST adhere to the following requirements:

* ContractCommitmentDurationType MUST be of type String.
* ContractCommitmentDurationType MUST conform to [StringHandling](#attributes.stringhandling) requirements.
* ContractCommitmentDurationType MUST NOT be null.
* ContractCommitmentDurationType SHOULD be expressed with a quantity and time unit, where quantity is a positive integer, and time-unit is a standardized unit of time, either singular or plural (e.g., Hour, Year, Years). The following formats are valid:

>   * <quantity> <singular-time-unit> - "1 Day", "1 Year"

Reviewer: @mike-finopsorg, @shawnalpay, I am unclear how to incorporate these children into the model. At the moment, I don't have any rules for this scenario. This should not stop the PR approval.

Author: @jpradocueva Would [this suggestion](https://github.com/FinOps-Open-Cost-and-Usage-Spec/FOCUS_Spec/pull/1924/files#r2887507160) work better?

>   * <quantity> <plural-time-units> - "3 Months", "3 Years"

Author: Would this work better, @jpradocueva?

```suggestion
* ContractCommitmentDurationType SHOULD be expressed with a quantity and time unit, where quantity is a positive integer, and time-unit is a standardized unit of time, either singular or plural (e.g., "1 Day", "1 Year", "3 Months", "3 Years").
```

Reviewer: @shawnalpay, yes, this will work for me, thanks. We need to discuss this issue at the TF-RM, as I don't have an extraction rule for it at the moment.
